Add Amazon S3 scenario doc (#1238)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/amazons3-connector/amazons3-connector-config.md

## Steps to get an AWS Access Key for an IAM user account

  1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the IAM console.

     <img src="/assets/img/connectors/iam.png" title="IAM" width="800" alt="IAM"/>
  
  2. In the navigation pane, choose Users.

     <img src="/assets/img/connectors/iam-users.png" title="IAM users" width="200" alt="IAM users"/>
     
  3. Add a checkmark next to the name of the desired user, and then choose User Actions from the top.
  4. Click on Manage Access Keys.
  
     <img src="/assets/img/connectors/security-credentials.png" title="Security credentials" width="800" alt="Security credentials"/>
  
  5. Click on Create Access Key.
        
     <img src="/assets/img/connectors/create-access-key-using-iam.png" title="Create access key using IAM" width="800" alt="Create access key using IAM"/>
     
  6. Click on Show User Security Credentials. Copy and paste the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key values, or click on Download Credentials to download the credentials in a CSV (file).
     
     <img src="/assets/img/connectors/download-access-key.png" title="Download access key" width="800" alt="Download access key"/>

> The Access Key ID (eg: AKIAJA3J6GE646JWVA9C) and Secret Access Key (eg: H/P/G3Tey1fQOKPAU1GBbl/NhL/WpSaEvxbvUlp4) will be required to configure WSO2 EI Amazon S3 connector.  You can manage S3 buckets logging into [S3 console](s3.console.aws.amazon.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Access Key ID (e.g., AKIAJA3J6GE646JWVA9C) and Secret Access Key (e.g., H/P/G3Tey1fQOKPAU1GBbl/NhL/WpSaEvxbvUlp4) will be required to configure WSO2 EI Amazon S3 connector.  You can manage S3 buckets logging into [S3 console](s3.console.aws.amazon.com)
```

Author: Updated.
